(bright music)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(car horns honking)
(upbeat music)
- What's up guys. Joey Bufalino here.
Now. I have been hinting
at some very big news
for quite some time.
And today is the day.
Whoa. look at that!
Come on!
Now Claire and I have been
together for about a year.
So I reckon it's time to take
things to the next level.
And of course. I wanted you
all to be the first to know.
Now this. sorry. (laughs)
this is where I'll be
popping the big question.
Look at that.
Oh. did a bit of recon last weekend.
the most epic location
for the most epic couple.
(upbeat music)
- Well. the new interface
is launching in three days.
I really need all hands on deck.
Oh no. we're just gonna
be out for the day.
So I can do that when I get back.
(laughs) I haven't been hiking in ages.
Joey's really been looking forward to it.
- Gonna take her up to the mountains
near where she grew up
for the most epic view. an epic surprise.
Now I can't live stream
this for obvious reasons.
which is why you are
watching it all cut together.
So sit back. relax and enjoy
the most awesome proposal video
you have ever seen. Buffman out.
- Great. Keep me posted on those numbers.
(laughs) I'm fine.
I know. I know.
I've been working a lot. but I love it.
Okay. Kelly. Jason's call me.
It's probably about that wellness package.
Okay. bye.
Hi. Jason.
What's the?
(gentle music)
Yeah. no. I'm. I'm here.
(upbeat music)
Oh. okay.
Well. why don't you just
send it over in a PDF
(car horn honking)
and I'll take a look at it.
Yes.
Yeah. right?
Well. did you check
with the marketing team?
Okay.
Ah. sorry.
(Joey whistling)
Could you repeat that
one more time for me?
- What I tell ya?
Most amazing girl ever.
Her company is absolutely
killing it right now.
- Yeah. the PDF's way better then JPEG.
- Good thing.
She'll have a relaxing day up
in the mountains today. huh?
- Mm-hmm.
Well. it's all about the color scheme.
you want it all to match. to blend.
- That was way too much.
Let's try that again.
- Sure. Okay. if you send it over-
- Oh. look who we have here.
- That's great. thank you.
- The big boss. herself.
(both chattering)
(gentle music)
- [Claire] It's all about-
- [Joey] We're only 20. 30 minutes out.
- So I was thinking-
- Oh. it's a beautiful day.
Wish you could see-
- Perfect.
- The beauty in front of me.
- Great. thank you.
- But the hike won't be too bad.
And then we'll be at the
top for that epic view
that I promise it's gonna be great.
And you're gonna be with
us every step of the way.
So we'll see you there.
Buffman out.
- Hey Kelly. how are ya?
Good. we were just talking
about the color schemes.
I'm thinking gray and blue are
gonna be most complimentary
for the cover page.
- Okay. so.
- Well. that's not really
gonna matter next week.
I can check into that
when I get back tonight.
- [Joey] Oh. and so. it actually begins.
- I like option three best.
but could you run that by Abby.
I just want to make sure
we're on the same page.
- Look at that. Come on. (laughing)
Oh my goodness.
- (laughs) I know. can you imagine?
(phone beeping)
Oh. you know what?
Jason's calling.
Can I call you right back?
- This is gonna be so great.
- Hi. Jason.
I did. I was just talking to her.
So we decided-
- Yes.
(gentle upbeat music)
- No. it's not a problem.
I'll be gone a couple hours at most.
Don't worry.
Well. it's a complicated process.
- We're actually going
through a gorgeous field
of wildflowers right now.
- Don't worry.
- I don't know if you can see this
but. literally. all around me.
- Hello?
- Have a look at that.
- Jason. are you there?
- Hello. man. how gorgeous is that?
- Hey. is there gonna be a
service up where we're going?
- Oh. you don't sure. Claire bear.
Just keep going this way.
All up there.
Wildflowers. like I said. all around.
(gentle upbeat music)
(birds chirping)
- [Claire] Buff. this is great.
I'm so glad you talked me into it.
- Well. I am just glad
that you could take time
out of your successful career
to come adventuring with me.
(Claire huffs)
- Classic.
- To the most beautiful.
hardworking girl I know.
Congrats on having one of
the most downloaded apps
in the country last month.
- It's a start. (laughs)
- Would you actually mind if
I got a quick time-lapse video
of us just kind of eating and
enjoying this awesome view.
- Of course I don't mind.
(Claire laughs)
(upbeat music)
- This is just what I needed.
Thank you.
Well. I am ready to go.
Been off work way too long.
- Oh. actually we sorta need
to wait till. till sunset.
I have a bit of a surprise for
you. but it'll be worth it.
I promise.
- Is sunset really necessary.
- Oh yeah.
- Okay. How about we compromise?
I will wait 15 minutes.
Then you do your surprise.
- Um. well. the sun won't
be setting in 15 minutes.
- But I promise you.
you're gonna get the exact
same reaction out of me
whether the sun is
setting or almost setting.
How about you just show
me the surprise now?
- Actually. um. could
you just. so quickly.
just take a couple of photos of me.
Just need some content
from today. you know.
for the followers.
- Yeah.
- They are gonna want
to see this for sure.
Trust me.
- Okay. fine.
A couple photos. then you do your surprise
and then we leave.
I don't want to get caught in the dark.
- Oh. well. no worries because
brought torches.
Right.
Okay. Yes.
Two photos. one. one from this direction
and then one from this
direction. then the surprise.
And then we leave.
Yeah?
- Okay.
Two photos.
Oh. (laughs) Babe. always horizontal.
Come on. we. we've talked about this.
Wait. yeah.
(camera clicking)
Let's take a loo.
actually the. the lighting
and the angle had just a bit off.
Could you maybe actually stand up
and just like a foot back.
Sorry. just. yeah.
I just wanna get the whole
composition. you know.
- Uh-huh.
- The. the sky and me.
of course. and the mountains.
- Yep.
Yep. I'm getting it.
- Okay.
(camera clicking)
Oh great.
Except we just. we accidentally
chopped my feet off there.
Try it once.
Yeah. sorry. one more time.
(Claire laughing)
Sorry. mate. maybe just crouch down a bit.
I'm just. I'm trying to
get the whole composition
that we mentioned. you know?
So don't be afraid to back
up a bit if you have to.
- [Claire] Is this far enough?
- Yeah. probably.
(suspenseful music)
Claire?
(dramatic music)
(Claire yelling)
Claire!
(dramatic music)
(Joey grunting)
(phone beeping)
Oh. no. come on signal!
No. no. no. no. no.
Claire. I'm coming!
(Joey yelping)
(Joey moaning)
(camera clicking)
(chipmunk chirping)
(Joey screaming)
(Joey yelling)
- Oh my! Base. this is
Nat. this is. nevermind.
(Joey screaming)
- [Joey] Tree! Oh! (coughing)
- Oh. oh. safety first. safety first.
(Joey moaning)
(dramatic music)
(phone beeping)
- Oh. Claire.
(Natalie gasping)
Oh! My girlfriend fell in the river.
- Sh. don't move. It's okay.
My name is Natalie. I'm
with the forest service.
You're in safe hands now.
Base. this is Natalie Pritchard.
I'd like to report an accident.
(radio beeping)
(helicopter whirring)
- [Dispatcher] Female slipped
and fell into the river.
We'll update you with more
information when it arrives.
- [Pilot] Copy. Heading
in that direction now.
Ground volunteers are on their way.
(gentle music)
(birds chirping)
(dramatic music)
(Joey gasping)
(Joey moaning)
- Whoa now. Hold on. hold on.
Hold on.
You were hurt pretty badly
when you came somersaulting
down that mountain side.
I'm no doctor. but I'd say
you have a badly bruised rib cage.
I'm gonna need you to stay right here
until more help arrives.
- No. no. no. My girlfriend
fell off a cliff.
I can't just stay here.
Right? I need to go find her.
- It's okay. It's okay.
I already called it in.
Search and rescue out there
right now looking for her.
Can you tell me her name along
with a physical description?
- Yeah. it's Claire McAllister
and well. she's absolutely gorgeous.
- Yeah you are.
- Hm?
- I mean she is. I mean. I'm sure she is
because like I can imagine.
because that makes sense since.
do you recall her. her hair
color. eye color. height.
If you. if you need a moment
to gather your thoughts.
that's totally fine.
Base. this is Natalie Pritchard.
- [Dispatcher] Go for base.
- I'm here with our
tumble victim who's awake
and I think coherent enough to supply us
with a description of our missing person
whose name is Claire McAllister.
- [Dispatcher] Copy. We're ready.
- Oh. she has a golden blonde hair
and well. I forget how tall she is.
but she's smaller than me.
That's for sure.
She has ocean blue eyes
and. and she was wearing a red jacket
and. and black workout pants
that were very. very. very flattering.
(radio beeping)
- [Dispatcher] Natalie.
are you still there?
- Still here?
Her age.
- Oh. ah. ah.
She's 28 years old and well.
also. she's really beautiful.
I mean like model level. beautiful.
Maybe not super model because
of the height thing. you know.
but. but definitely Insta worthy.
- Base. did you copy all of that?
You're looking for a
blonde-haired. blue-eyed beauty.
- [Dispatcher] Copy that.
- [Pilot] What's the latest
on our missing hikers?
- [Dispatcher] Our missing person
is female. blonde. small
build. blue eyes. late 20s.
last seen wearing a red
jacket and black pants.
Her name is Claire McAllister
and there's stormy weather rolling in.
So let's find this woman
within the next few hours.
All right?
- All right. I'll keep looking.
(gentle upbeat music)
(hooves thudding)
(horse whickering)
(water whooshing)
(owl hooting)
- Buff?
Buff?
Anyone?
Buff!
(crickets chirping)
(dramatic music)
(brush rustling)
(suspenseful music)
(dramatic music)
(coyotes howling)
(crickets chirping)
- [Natalie] So. I'm sorry.
but what was your full name?
- Joey. Joey Bufalino.
- (laughs) Oh.
- Sorry. what was it?
- Oh. nothing.
It's just your name's Joey
and you're Australian and you're cute.
It's cute.
That Joey is a baby kangaroo.
- (laughs) Oh. yeah.
- Mr. Bufilino I strongly encourage you
not to go looking for
your girlfriend alone.
- Okay. first of all.
my mates call me Buff.
I'm pretty sure we're
past the formalities now.
And second of all. I'm
not alone. I'm with you.
- Nat. That's cool.
Just to be perfectly clear.
I'm not gonna follow you
into the starry night
as dreamy as that sounds. alone. together.
with the moon shining down.
shut a rubber ball snake!
- Where. where?
- Right there!
Oh. you missed it.
It slithered underneath the rock.
Did you know that they're
one of two boa constrictors
in the United States.
That's pretty cool. right?
- Oh yeah? What's a. what's the other one?
- Rosie boa.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
Joey. look.
- Please. Buff.
- Buff.
We have amazing volunteers
and your eyes are so green
and they almost always
find the missing person
within the first 24 hours.
I hate to say it. but if
you head out on your own
and in the dark. you're just
gonna get lost yourself.
Then search and rescue.
they're gonna have to
come and find you too.
which means less people
looking for Claire.
Fine. fine.
I'll help you keep looking
for her until it's too dark.
And then we're setting up a camp.
- I brought torches and
I brought an extra tent
and sleeping bag that you can borrow.
I can almost guarantee
that you're gonna wake up
the next morning with news
that Claire has been found
and all she needs is a couple Band-Aids.
maybe a cast or two.
- Hm?
Okay. fine. we'll camp out tonight.
But tomorrow morning. if
she hasn't been found.
I'm gonna keep looking for her myself.
- Fair enough.
(gentle upbeat music)
(coyote howling)
(gentle music)
(birds chirping)
(Claire snoring)
- Whoa!
(birds chirping)
(horse whickering)
(hooves thudding)
Hello?
- [Colt] Hello.
You all right?
- Yes. I am fine.
You have no idea how
excited I am to see another.
- Hi. Claire.
- Nope.
Nope. nope. nope. nope.
- [Colt] What are you doing?
- I'm waiting for someone
else to come rescue me.
- (scoffs) You haven't changed.
- What?
- I said. you haven't changed.
You looked like you've been through hell.
And when you don't like the
hand that's here to help you.
you'd rather spend a few
extra hours up in a tree.
(laughing) You are so stubborn.
- Okay. fine. Make the call.
(birds chirping)
- It's Colt McCoy.
I found Claire McAllister.
She seems to be safe and well.
Possible minor injuries
but she's not in shock.
- I'm not sure how accurate that is.
I spent the night in a tree.
- [Dispatcher] Great work. Colt.
Give us your location and
we can send in a chopper.
Colt. do you copy?
- I copy. Standby for location.
Need to get the higher
ground for a reference point.
- [Dispatcher] Copy that.
- You don't know where we are.
- Oh. I know where we are.
but you need to stop acting like a child.
Claire. and come down from there.
I'm not doing this all over again.
- What?
- You're lucky to be alive.
You were washed miles down that river.
It's a miracle you didn't drown.
- Don't change the subject.
You get back on your little radio
and you tell them exactly where we are.
- No.
- Excuse me?
- I said. no.
You need to come down
from that tree. Claire.
and start treating me like an adult.
then I'll call in the chopper
and then someone else can deal with ya.
(birds chirping)
(laughing) Okay?
Fine.
- What are you doing?
- Coming up there to help you down.
- [Claire] Uh-uh. I don't.
I don't need your help.
- Claire. get out of that tree.
- No!
- Claire!
- Claire.
- No!
- Get down!
(Colt huffing)
- [Claire] What are you doing?
- I'm getting you out of this tree.
- No. no. no. Get out of the tree.
Get out of-
(Colt grunting)
(Claire gasping)
Colt! Are you all right?
(horse neighing)
(Colt moaning)
You all right?
- Yeah. Yeah.
I'm fine.
I just broke my radio.
(radio whining)
(groans) And maybe my back.
- (sighs) Well. don't
you have a cell phone?
- Yeah. I do.
But there's no cell service for miles.
We're gonna have to get the higher ground.
(thunder rumbling)
(horse neighing)
No. no. no. no! Come back!
(hooves thudding)
Bella! (groans)
- Aren't you going after her?
- She's long gone and
on her way back home.
She'd rather be there than out here.
(laughs) Smart horse.
- This is the most vivid
nightmare I have ever had.
- (laughs) You're telling me.
You know. I knew it.
I knew I should have
turned around the second
I heard your name over
the radio. but no. no.
I thought. you know. we're
two grown adults by now.
What could be the issue?
You sure proved me wrong. Claire.
Again.
- What about smoke signal?
- It's fire season. okay.
We can't build a fire big
enough to send up enough smoke.
So we can only do that
if we have absolutely no other choice.
- And do we?
- Yes. we're gonna get to high ground.
Call the rest of the team.
- (sighs) Okay. You can do that.
I'm gonna follow the river
and I'm sure it'll spit me out
somewhere near civilization.
- Claire.
- What?
- Look.
Here is where we are more or less.
Here is where civilization is.
Now. right here is where
I think we can get-
- (laughs) You think?
- Here is where I'm pretty confident
we can get cell service.
So unless you want to spend
a few extra hours on foot.
this is your only option.
- Okay. great.
Let's go get cell service.
- (throat clearing) Claire?
- What?
(throat clearing)
(birds chirping)
(gentle upbeat music)
(thunder rumbling)
- It's about a 7:00 a.m.
I didn't sleep very well last night.
Still pretty banged up
from the fall I took.
But. you guys. my Claire-bear
took it even worse fall.
And I've no idea where
she is or how she's doing.
I mean. search and rescue
are out there right now.
looking for her which is so good.
But. I don't know. honestly. you guys.
I can't just sit around
here and do nothing.
You know. I've got to
get back on the trail.
(Natalie yelling)
(Joey yelping)
- [Natalie] Sorry.
Oh. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to actually scare you.
I was just checking to see if you were up
and you are and that's great.
- (laughing) No. it's it's no worries.
(laughs) I was just playing around.
(Joey gasping)
Is there any news about?
- Yes. Yes.
One of the search and rescue volunteers
on horseback found her.
- They did! Oh. where is she?
- Well. that's the other thing.
We haven't heard back from
him since his initial call.
- Who. him?
- Oh yeah. Colt.
He's great. Very capable.
Real outdoorsy type.
Claire is an excellent hands.
- Hey. a colt is a baby horse. Nat. so.
- You don't have anything to worry about.
Colt is a good person.
I mean. it is a little alarming
that we haven't heard back
since. but I'm sure they're fine.
He's awesome.
- Did he get her an awesome
ring? No. I don't think so.
- I'm sorry. What?
- Oh. nothing.
Are you sure he didn't
say where they were?
- Yes. I'm sure.
- Right. I've got to
go find her. (moaning)
- Let me get you some painkillers.
Oh. you know what you need?
- Yeah. a cold beer and a general breeze.
- Hot springs. There's a
couple. not too far from here.
They're so good for aching muscles.
And the minerals present
in the water get soaked up
in the skin and help with circulation.
- Yeah. I don't think so.
See. I don't want to waste any more time
because every second that goes by
Claire could be inching
that much closer to death.
- I think we can rule out death.
Colt did say that she was safe and well.
I mean. it's your choice if
you want to get up and go.
but the hot springs could really help.
- So you're saying that I can't rescue her
if I can. you know. barely stand.
- Is that what you want me to be saying?
- You're stubborn. I don't
like it. but I respect it.
Very well. we'll do it your way.
Can you show me where
these hot springs are?
- Oh. definitely. (giggles)
(Joey moaning)
(thunder rumbling)
- You sure you don't want one of these?
- I'm fine.
(stomach gurgling)
Thanks.
(birds chirping)
Hey. um. this is kind of embarrassing.
but it is Saturday. right?
- Yep. It's Saturday.
- Good.
'Cause I have some really
important work stuff Monday
that I have to be back for
and it will be nice to have
a day to. well. shower.
- Yeah. So what do you do for work now?
- Oh. I run a wellness
app called Second Nature.
It's all about creating
positive. simple habits
that help improve everyday life.
I had to hire another 10
people just this week.
- Hm. well. I hope it makes you happy.
- It does. It makes me very happy.
And I have a boyfriend who is so great
about letting me do my own thing.
And he travels all the
time. which is awesome.
(Colt laughs)
Well. I mean. I go with him. sometimes.
- Oh.
- We travel to beautiful places together
and eat delicious food.
(thunder rumbling)
Hey. you got any more snacks?
Ooh. Hey!
(birds chirping)
(thunder rumbling)
(water whooshing)
You're gonna climb that?
- Yes. I am gonna climb that.
- Have you done this before?
- I'll be fine.
- [Claire] In the rain?
- It's not raining.
- Well. it's about to be.
Don't you need a rope?
- Well. a rope would be
great. but I don't have one.
- Well. what if you fall?
- I won't fall.
If I do just turn your head
so you don't see me land.
Look. the sooner I make it up there.
the sooner I can make the call.
the sooner I make the call.
the sooner we can part ways.
Now. you wanna go home
or do you want to continue
telling me how this can go wrong?
Thank you.
(Colt grunting)
(Colt groaning)
(Claire gasping)
Sorry. you might want to take a step back.
- Great. I'm gonna be
responsible for your death.
(water whooshing)
(birds chirping)
Are you high enough for cell service?
(phone beeping)
- No. not yet.
- So you still work at that ranch?
- I own it now.
- Wow. That's surprising.
- Why is that surprising?
- Well. all those years ago
you seemed perfectly content
to stay right where you were.
I mean. it's not like you
actually went anywhere.
but still. I'm impressed
you had the ambition
to take charge.
- All right. Little Miss
Too Good For. (groaning)
(dramatic music)
(Colt sighing)
(somber music)
- Maybe it still works. Nope. it's dead.
(Colt sighing)
(gentle music)
(Colt groaning)
(water splashing)
(Claire giggling)
(Colt panting)
Sorry.
(Colt scoffs)
You know. Colt. I really
was trying to catch.
(gentle music)
What you doing?
- Washin' off.
(gentle music)
(water trickling)
- Oh and another cool
fact about hot springs.
They're naturally detoxifying.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
They can be a gentle
remedy for skin ailments.
such as acne. eczema. psoriasis.
(laughs) I mean. not that
you have any skin issues.
your skin is flawless.
Anyway. in addition to the
mineral content present
in the water. the heat of the hot springs.
they can alleviate the sensation of pain.
- You know so much stuff. Nat.
I mean. you are like the
smartest person I've ever met.
- (laughs) Oh. I mean.
I don't know about that.
I mean. I did get a 4.0 in college.
- Nat. bit of a problem.
- No. I'm sorry. Joey.
- Oh. it's fine.
- No. I completely wasted your time.
I promise I had no idea.
They must have put this up last night.
They should have radioed me.
- Nat. it's fine.
It's all good.
I'm actually feeling a lot better.
The painkillers you gave
me worked like a charm.
Okay?
And besides the last
hot springs I went to?
Filled with naked old men.
I mean. not that there's anything
wrong with that. you know.
I just. um. (laughs) I'm just
still recovering a little bit.
So this is good. This is great.
We'll get back on track faster
so I can find my Claire-bear.
I mean. I've got an epic
proposal to make. you know.
and I have a feeling. Nat.
that I can spin this
in just the right way.
Imagine. I find Claire
somewhere out there.
- With Colt.
- And I'll wrap her in a
plaid blanket. something cute.
And then I kiss her passionately.
and then. and then I get down on one knee.
Then I say. I know this whole
thing has been so unexpected.
but I have one more surprise for you.
And this one I planned.
Will you marry me?
- I will.
What?
- Help you! (laughs)
I mean. I will. I will help
you find your girlfriend
so you can get down on one
knee and ask her to marry you.
- Amazing. Amazing!
Oh. I so appreciate
everything you've done. Nat.
- And I like hearing that.
(thunder rumbling)
Oh. on second thought?
We may need to take shelter
until the storm passes.
- Oh. come on. Mother Nature!
Whose side are you on?
Ooh. hey. look at that cloud formation.
- [Nat] Oh. yeah!
- I've got to get a quick pic of that.
- Oh. if you just lower. yep. mm-hmm.
You'll get the tail-end of a
super cool looking dark cloud.
- Oh. good spot. Nat.
- Thanks.
(camera clicking)
(thunder rumbling)
- Oh.
- Well. blown away.
- Now we just have to count to see.
(thunder cracking)
Oh. oh. that's very close.
We should go find shelter.
- Yep.
(thunder rumbling)
Rain. Rain. I hear rain.
- Shelter!
(rain drumming)
(thunder rumbling)
(birds chirping)
(rain drumming)
- I don't need that.
- Yes. you do.
- No. I don't.
I can't believe I left my
jacket in that stupid tree.
- Claire. you're obviously freezing.
Okay. let's get your body temperature up.
Here. let's see that.
- How'd you find me?
- Ah. I'm not really sure.
- Meaning?
- Well. you're not gonna believe me.
- Try me.
- Well. I kind of fell
asleep on the horse.
You know. I zoned out so
much. I don't really remember.
It was just starting
to get a little light.
I was coming on my way through the trees
down by the river and told
myself I'd just close my eyes
for a couple of seconds.
Next thing I know. I hear you calling out.
my eyes snap open and it's morning.
Somehow I'm still on Bella's
back. gripping the reins.
See you up in that tree.
looking like a drowned cat.
- Mm. sounds made up.
- Yeah. well. told ya.
- So what you're saying is Bella found me.
- Yep. you owe your gratitude to a horse.
- I'll be sure to thank her
if we ever make it back.
- When we make it back.
(gentle music)
(throat clearing)
All right. well. since we have
no way of contacting anyone.
the best bet is to follow the river down
to the ranger stations.
another day's journey.
From there we can radio the rescue team-
- I'm sorry. A day?
- Yeah.
- I can't do that.
I have people depending on me.
- It's our best option. Claire.
- Really?
Because I think our best
option is a smoke signal.
- I told you that is last result.
- I feel like we've reached that point.
- Fire season gets worse
and last longer. every year.
I'm not gonna risk a forest fire
just so you can shower before Monday.
Okay?
- It's raining.
How does one start a forest
fire when it's raining?
- How does one start a
- You're ridiculous.
I'm not gonna risk a brush fire
when I know how to get us to
safety without it. all right?
- I hope you know what you're doing.
- I do.
I promise.
(gentle music)
(Claire sighs)
(birds chirping)
(rain dripping)
- We're being forced
to wait out this storm
underneath these trees.
And I think we're actually
through the worst of it.
but I just hope wherever
Claire is she's safe and warm.
(camera beeps)
- So you put those
videos up on the internet
and people watch them.
And that's how you make a living.
(Joey laughs)
How does that work?
How do you make money off
of recording your life?
- Well. when enough people
want to know what you're up to.
you can influence them. you know?
And. and companies will pay
you to mention their products.
always casually and tastefully. of course.
I just. I haven't done that yet out here
because you know. to be honest.
I. I think it'd be absolutely disgusting
to exploit this particular situation.
What with Claire still missing and all.
You don't really get out much. do ya?
I mean socially.
- No. not really.
Does it show.
- (laughs) What do you do on weekends?
You have any friends to hang out with or?
- I mostly hang out here in the mountains.
Like Bob Ross said.
"There's nothing wrong with
having a tree as a friend."
- I do love Bob Ross.
- Me too!
- Seriously. watching him paint
is the best lullaby out there.
- I know!
- (laughs) Well. you gotta
have some actual people
to talk to as well though.
- I call my grandma once a week
(Joey groans)
and we have some lovely.
lovely conversations.
- Nat. (laughs) you gotta
find some people your own age.
I mean. look. your Nan and
Bob Ross are both exceptional.
Make no mistake. but (laughs) come on.
the list has gotta be a bit longer.
- People can be mean.
Nature can't hurt you the way people do.
- I don't know about that.
Nature beat me and Claire
up pretty bad in 24 hours.
- Well. nature didn't do that.
You did! Nature just is.
You gotta learn how to respect it.
- Well. okay. Aye. aye. Ranger Nat.
I will learn to respect nature. I promise.
(birds chirping)
Look. maybe it's not my place to say.
but you might want to give
people a chance as well.
I mean. just because you
had one sour experience
with someone. it doesn't mean
that everyone's gonna treat you that way.
You know?
Isn't that what life's
all about? Relationships?
Oh. why wasn't I recording that?
Did you hear how smart I just sounded?
(horse whickering)
Come on. Joey.
(horse neighing)
- Did you hear that?
(dramatic music)
(horse whickering)
(Natalie gasping)
Hey. I think that's Bella. Colt's horse.
This is great.
But it's not great that
Colt is not on her back.
That's actually really bad.
- Don't worry. Nat.
I'm something of an animal whisperer.
(dramatic music)
- Are you whispering?
- Sh. We're connecting.
It's all right. girl.
You're so brave running
through that storm.
Where did you come from? Huh?
Have you seen my girlfriend?
That's it. Come on. (lips smacking)
Come to Buff. that's it.
Now. I'm just gonna hop on your back.
And you're gonna make me
look all kinds of heroic.
As you show me. no. no. no!
(hooves thudding)
(horse neighing)
(both sighing)
- That was quite the connection.
- Yeah.
(both sighing)
She'll be all right.
- Yeah. Yeah.
She's headed in the
direction of Colt's ranch.
What worries me is that she's
not with Colt or Claire.
I'm gonna call search and rescue.
Let them know they might be in trouble.
Base. this is Natalie.
(birds screeching)
- Come on. let's pick up the pace.
I want to see if we can get
to the radio station in half the time.
- (groans) I'm moving as quickly as I can.
- If I make it back tonight.
I still have time to call Jason.
who I'm sure is freaking out.
- What are you-
- Connect with the others.
make sure everything is running smoothly
for the launch for the new interface.
Oh. and now that I'm carrying your things.
you should be able to keep up with me.
- Look around.
- Huh?
- (laughs) Look around. Claire.
When are you ever gonna be
in a place like this again?
And you have it all to yourself.
- (scoffs) Well. you're here.
- Claire. stop.
Do you even know who
you are outside of work?
- There's nothing wrong with
being successful at work.
Okay. it pays for my happiness.
my car. my apartment.
- Money doesn't buy you happiness.
- Don't be cliche.
- Cliches are cliches
because they're true.
- (laughs) That's another cliche.
- Claire. happiness is not
about notoriety or riches
or luxury cars or expensive clothes.
It's. it's about people
loving and accepting you
for who you are and you loving
and accepting them back.
The good and the bad.
- I am loved and accepted.
And you know what?
Who are you to judge?
We haven't talked in years.
You don't know the
person that I've become.
- Whose fault is that.
If your job disappeared
tomorrow. what would you have?
- I...
I would have Buff.
- Buff. Buff. that's his name? Buff.
- Sure is. I got that guy.
- Wow. That guy. huh?
Well. you just seem enamored by him.
- Well. he accepts me as I am.
- You know. Claire-
- We don't need to get into the past.
All I'm saying. just try to
slow down. just a little.
You might not mind the view.
(gentle music)
(Colt laughs softly)
(gentle peaceful music)
- Base. this is Natalie.
(both chattering)
- Oh. look at that!
Hello.
(gentle music)
- [Claire] Are you sure this is the way?
- Let me help you.
- I got it.
- It's super beautiful today.
- Uh. I mean. look at all this.
- Uh. why don't you put your phone down?
Look at this waterfall.
it's beautiful. Right?
(gentle music)
Did you bring the good weather?
Because normally it is much
hotter this time of year.
- You good?
- Fun fact. this bridge was
built earlier this year.
Eagle Scout project.
- So I come out from
underneath the waterfall
and there's a bear. who's taken
off with all of my clothes.
I'm standing there soaking wet.
So I go bolting after him.
buck naked through the forest.
- Only bloom this time of year
and just for a couple weeks. so.
Don't pick them though.
or I'll have to fine you.
(gentle music)
(hooves thudding)
(horse whickering)
- Hey. is that it?
Oh. I told you we'd make
it here in half the time.
Hot shower. here I come.
Why didn't you say something?
- I didn't want to burst your bubble.
Besides. I knew you'd figure it out.
Building's been abandoned for
as long as I can remember.
We still got a long ways to go.
Don't be sad.
Listen. you can already hear the river.
It's just up ahead. okay. Come on.
(water trickling)
- Are there any waterfalls
or dangerous rapids
down this river?
- Not anywhere nearby.
And certainly not between here
and that ranger station
were headed for. why?
What are you thinking?
- Well. why don't we use the river?
Give our feet a break
and float down on it.
- On. uh. what exactly?
- I dunno. Can't we build
a raft or something?
- That'll take a whole lot of something
you don't exactly have. Claire.
- (laughs) And. what exactly is that.
- Time?
Your work deadline is rapidly
approaching. remember?
- Right.
But. but we would be
saving time and energy
if we float to the ranger station.
(Colt sighs)
- I guess we could go look
at that old abandoned
shack we just passed.
- [Claire] We can!
- Maybe we could build some...
(upbeat music)
If there was a door we
could probably use it
for the base of the raft.
- [Claire] Or we could just use. uh. this.
(gentle music)
- Yeah. I guess that'd work.
(birds chirping)
(water trickling)
(upbeat music)
- Whoo. oh. the trick
to keeping your balance
is to look directly in front of you.
See that peak. I wanted
to build a cabin up there.
- Oh.
- Couldn't afford it.
- [Joey] Just gotta
believe in yourself. Nat.
(gentle upbeat music)
(water gurgling)
(birds chirping)
(bird screeching)
- Oh hey. look. Red tail hawk.
You know that reminds me of?
- Mm.
- Our high school mascot.
And the first time I ever saw you.
- Oh. no. not this story.
- Mm-hmm. I'd never seen
such a fearless freshmen.
No one. and I mean no
one. wanted to put on
that mangy old mascot
costume for the rally.
The football team wanted
to burn the thing.
but you insisted it would
boost school spirit.
I'll never forget the way you
held your head up in defiance
as you walked up to that sad pile
of sweaty feathers and fur.
put that stupid thing
on in front of everyone.
(Clair laughs)
This little blonde freshman.
just determined to rally the entire school
in a re-painted chicken outfit.
Ah. then. you ran around the
field. flapping your wings.
giving everyone high five.
- Oh. that thing. it smelled so bad.
- [Colt] Yeah. I can imagine.
They all cheered.
- (laughs) I don't know
what I was thinking.
- I know what I was thinking.
I was thinking no one
could have pulled off being
a sweaty. overly cheerful.
bird of prey better than you.
You know. I smiled a lot that day.
Watching the game and watching you soar
through the bleachers majestically.
giving out blind high fives.
(both laughing)
I just had to know who
you were after that.
- You know. I only did
that because Gina insisted
that we change our mascot to a kitten.
- Yes. Gina. the captain
of the cheerleaders.
- Weren't you two dating at the time?
- Yeah. Yes. she wasn't so bad.
Really. really into cats. though.
Like crazy into cats.
- So are there any Gina's
currently in your life?
(gentle music)
- Uh. nope.
No one serious since you.
(gentle music)
Well. you know. this boat
isn't going to row itself.
(gentle upbeat music)
- Well. we're still going
and it's nearly 4:00 p.m..
which means around this time
yesterday Claire slipped and-
(battery beeping)
Oh. oop.
Hold on.
Better finally died.
- Oh. darn. (laughs)
I guess we'll just have to enjoy nature
and share and like each
other's company or something.
- Oh. nah. come on. Nat. Come prepared.
- [Natalie] What. what is that?
- It's a portable charger.
Come on.
(Natalie laughs)
(Natalie grunts)
(charger clattering)
(dramatic music)
- I'm sorry.
I don't. I don't know what. oh! (grunting)
(phone clattering)
There we go. Samesies! (laughs)
I'm just gonna go get our phones back.
(dramatic music)
(birds chirping)
Joey!
Joey. come look!
Look!
- Claire-bear! Um. (grunting)
What was she doing all
the way up in this tree?
And more importantly. why
did she leave the jacket
I gave her for her
birthday up here? (panting)
- Joey. this is a good thing.
It means we're on the right track.
Let's just keep making our way down river.
- Yeah. but who's keeping
her warm now. though?
- Maybe Colt.
- Oh. don't say that.
- Oh. there's my phone.
(upbeat music)
- (groans) I would do anything
for a steak right now.
Ooh. or cheeseburger with extra pickles.
You know. at this point.
I'd even settle for a grilled hot dog.
- How about a grilled fish instead?
- Wait. really?
Wax on. wax off.
- Just wait.
(water trickling)
(Claire gasping)
- (laughs) Wax on!
- Teach me.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
All right.
Now. you want to approach
him from downstream. okay?
- Why's that?
- They spend most of the
time swimming upstream.
You want to get behind them. all right.
Now. let's see. Ooh.
All right. great. great.
Nice. nice. nice. okay.
Now slowly put your
hands down into the water
and let it come down to you all right?
Oh. almost. almost.
- This is impossible.
- Not impossible. Just a little tricky.
All right. oh look. right there.
Perfect.
Now wait for it to come down to you.
Wait for it to get close enough
to cup your hands around it.
to come down to you. but be careful.
Sometimes they can-
(Claire gasps)
(fish thudding)
- (laughs) You did it.
- I did it! I did it. I did it!
Ow!
- Oh. okay.
- I think it bit me.
- Ah. yeah. that can happen sometimes.
I tried to warn ya.
Here let me take a look.
It's not that bad.
I don't even think it
needs a Band-Aid. hm. here.
- Oh. hey.
- All better.
- Thank you.
- [Colt] It's nothing.
And. look. if you really
think you need a Band-Aid
we can go get one.
- No. I mean. thank you for finding me.
- You're welcome.
(throat clearing) All right.
Let's see what we got.
I assume you're gonna want
to gut yours yourself?
(Claire giggles)
Come on.
- You assume wrong.
- Come on.
- Mm. mm.
No. no. no. All right.
I guess it wouldn't be fair to make you do
all the work now. would it?
- Right.
- (groans) Nevermind.
I don't want to.
(crickets chirping)
(owl hooting)
- So there I am trying
to put out three fires
in three separate spots
that refuse to go out.
And the two volunteers I'm training
are just stand there
doing absolutely nothing.
Mouths open. gaping at me
while I'm (laughs) I'm dancing around.
trying to stomp out the flames.
It was unbelievable.
- Well. they were mesmerized
by your dance moves.
- I do have some pretty
sweet moves. (laughs)
- This was delicious.
- Mm.
- Worth every fish bone
I accidentally swallowed.
- Well. now you can go back
and tell your employees
that you not only caught a
fish with your bare hands.
but you ate it whole. bones and all.
- It's great rumor for the office.
Make them all terrified of me.
- You can do it as soon as tomorrow.
We're only about 15 or so
miles from ranger station.
- The sun's down.
- Mm.
- Probably don't want to
navigate the river in the dark.
We should just camp here.
Pick it up again in the morning.
- Okay. your choice.
(gentle music)
(water trickling)
What happened to us?
- I think I just needed to
see what I could do on my own.
- You know. I keep replaying that argument
we had before you left over in my mind.
And I just. it. what did
I say that made you run?
- I was young and it was a long time ago.
I don't. I don't really remember.
I think I want to get some sleep.
- Here. (throat clearing) just wear this.
It's warm enough tonight. I won't need it.
- Thank you.
(gentle music)
(footsteps thudding)
- Sorry for throwing your
phone into the bushes earlier.
- No. that's all right.
You did find me another one
that looked just like it. so.
Plus it led me to Claire's jacket.
which is currently serving
as a very nice pillow.
I am on my phone a lot. eh.
It's just my job sorta
requires it. you know?
(crickets chirping)
It's funny. when I was a kid.
I thought I'd be a storm chaser.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- That's why you were so
into those cumulonimbus clouds yesterday.
- You know your clouds. Nat.
- I sure do.
There's also just a regular
cumulus clouds. stratus clouds.
stratocumulus. altocumulus. altostratus-
- Aw. settle down. champ. (laughs)
(birds chirping)
(gentle music)
- Why didn't you? Become
a storm chaser. I mean?
- I was never any good at maths.
It turns out storms are a lot of science.
Science is a lot of maths.
I don't know.
I guess it was just easier
to take my phone out
and make adventures
rather than chasing them.
- You should be a storm chaser.
I mean. if you like making
videos for people or sponsors.
whatever. you keep doing it.
but it kind of sound like
you gave up on a dream.
- Well. (laughs) well. it's not as easy
as just declaring I'm now a storm chaser.
I'd have to go back to school.
- Then go back to school.
- Well. I'd need a tutor
for the math stuff.
- Get a tutor.
- (laughs) Oh. you are relentless. Nat.
You should be a life coach or-
- Math tutor.
(laughs) I like my job.
I love my job. (sighs)
(gentle music)
- I'm glad you're here. Nat.
- Me too.
(Joey sighs)
(gentle music)
(birds chirping)
(water trickling)
(Claire sighs)
(helicopter whirring)
- Hey. Hey. there's a helicopter!
Colt. wake up.
There's a helicopter. Hey!
Are you seriously sleeping through this?
Hey!
(Colt groaning)
We missed it.
It was right there and we missed it.
- No. big deal. Claire.
We're only a couple of miles
from the ranger station.
- What?
Last night you said we
were 15 or so miles away.
- Okay. (throat clearing)
look. Claire. um-
- You lied to me.
- I know. I shouldn't lie.
But I was having such
a nice time and I just.
you know. I didn't want things to end.
- So you fudged the numbers knowing
that I would only agree to stay
if I thought we were far enough away.
- I know it was wrong of me. okay.
- Do you want to know why I
left you all those years ago?
I left because we never
wanted the same things.
You wanted to stay in a tiny
little town that you grew up in
and it made me feel guilty
for wanting to pursue my own career.
- Do you think that is any excuse
for you just disappearing
without an explanation?
We were engaged. Claire.
Do you have any idea what I went through
not knowing why you up and left me?
And then after all this time you say
it's because you thought we
didn't want the same things
or that that would somehow get in the way
of the things you wanted to do.
You know what the real problem was?
We didn't talk about it
because you didn't want to.
you just made assumptions.
You know. you left that
ring on my front porch
in the middle of the night
and you were just gone.
You know. I'm glad you left.
Because being married to you
would be like being married
to a stubborn mule.
- (gasps) How dare you?
- Yeah. I said it.
- (huffs) You know what?
- Mm.
- I don't need you.
- Oh. you don't. after I got you
within a couple of miles
of the ranger station.
- You know what? This has got
to be the worst rescue ever.
(Colt scoffs)
You know what? Do me a favor.
Don't follow me.
- Done.
- And I really hope that
this doesn't reflect
the actual efficiency and
capability of search and rescue.
because if it does.
they should clean house starting with you.
- Oh. you. (sighs)
(birds chirping)
(Colt sighs)
- So the trail is very
narrow at this point.
And there's this baby rattler
just sunbathing right in the middle of it.
And there's tall grass on either side. so-
- So of course you're not
gonna go stomping around
in there because you don't know
how many other baby rattlers there are.
- Exactly. (laughs) You get it.
- Uh. your shoe's untied.
- Oh! (laughs)
- Oh. sorry. sorry.
- No. I'm sorry.
- I just thought I'd.
- No. I would appreciate
the help. thank you.
- Yeah?
- Yes.
- Yep. yep. careful.
- Thank you.
- I'll just. uh. I am an excellent tier
of shoe laces as you can-
- Oh. really.
- Yeah.
Oh look! (hissing)
Found two baby rattlers.
(Natalie yelps)
(laughs) Sorry. Sorry.
There. good as new.
(gentle music)
- Thanks.
- Yeah. no. no worries.
Here.
- Oh. oh!
- Careful. careful.
- Oh. thank you.
(gentle music)
Joey. I-
- I keep telling you. it's Buff.
- Buff. I should probably keep
it to myself. but whatever.
I'm gonna go out on a limb.
And I just. I just have to say that I-
- We never talked about it.
No. we never talked about it
because you never listened.
And at least I gave the ring back.
I mean. I could have just sold it.
(bear growling)
(footsteps thudding)
- Claire. don't move.
- Colt. what do I do?
- I'm gonna crouch down very. very slowly.
I want you to climb on my
shoulders. very. very slowly.
- I'm scared.
- I know. me too.
- (gasping) No. don't let go.
I don't want to let go of your hand.
- You don't have to let go my hand.
I'm gonna let go of your hand.
- What?
- So you can wave them around.
The only way we're gonna survive this-
- No!
- Is to look bigger
and scarier than this bear. okay.
(Claire screaming)
(Colt roaring)
(both roaring)
- I. I um-
(Claire and Colt roaring)
- Wait a second.
Claire?
Claire!
(dramatic music)
(bear growling)
(both yelling)
- I think it's working.
(bear roaring)
Never mind.
- Oh. Claire. Claire. Claire. I can't see.
- Oh. sorry. sorry. sorry.
- Claire!
(Colt blubbering)
(Natalie gasping)
(Joey gasping)
Bear!
(both growling)
- Buff?
- Uh- huh?
- We need to do what they're doing.
I need to get on your shoulders.
(bear growling)
- Nat. get on my shoulders.
- I just said-
- Sh. trust me.
I'm an animal whisperer.
(dramatic music)
(Colt and Claire roaring)
- Shoo! Get out of here.
(Joey roaring)
Get on out of here!
Shoo. get away!
(all roaring)
(all yelling)
- Get out here!
- Go. go!
(all cheering)
- Ah. yes!
(gentle music)
(Claire and Colt gasping)
Whoa. whoa.
- (laughing) Yeah!
(both gasping)
My heart.
- Oh. I thought we we're gonna die.
(both panting)
- You all right?
- Yeah.
- Claire!
You're all right. Oh. oh!
- Hey. Colt.
- Hey. Natalie.
- I said. I'd find you. didn't I. Nat?
And I totally did.
- You sure did.
- Oh. hey mate. Joey Bufalino.
- Hey.
- Would you actually
do me a bit of a favor
and just keep this pointed this
direction just for a moment.
- Um?
- Yeah. perfect.
(dramatic music)
- What. what. what. what are you doing?
- I mean. it's not exactly
as I imagined it. but. Claire.
will you marry me?
- Um. what. um.
- Or. we don't have to.
I mean. we. we don't.
- We can-
- But we can. no. we
should. no. but we can.
We can still. we can.
- Congrats. (laughs)
- Congrats.
(Joey and Claire stammering)
- Yep. Cheers for that.
Capturing that nice
little romantic gem of a-
- Yeah. Whew.
- Of a moment.
And. and thank you also for especially
for looking after Claire.
- Yep. just doing my job.
- I'd call a chopper.
but the ranger station is.
it's pretty close by. I-
- Well. I'm sure Claire is
actually pretty exhausted.
- Oh no. we. we can walk.
- And there you have it.
- Okay. Okay.
I'll just. I'll call. search and rescue
to let them know that you two are safe.
And that the path to the ranger
station is just that way.
I have a truck. I can take
you two back to your vehicle.
- Thank you.
(dramatic music)
- Follow me.
- After you. uh.
- [Claire] Yeah. okay.
(gentle music)
- Base. this is Natalie Pritchard.
Do you copy?
(gentle music)
- Oh. I. um. found something of yours.
You left this up in a tree.
- [Claire] I used it as a
pillow when I slept up there.
- You slept in a tree?
- Yeah. then I got so
distracted seeing Colt again.
I must've completely forgot it.
- Again? You two know each other.
- Yeah.
It's a long story.
I'll tell you in the car.
- Okay.
(gentle music)
(engine puttering)
(birds chirping)
(Colt sighs)
- We saw your horse.
- Was she all right?
- Yeah.
- [Colt] Good. okay.
- We couldn't catch her though.
She got away pretty quick.
- Yeah. well. she's not the only one.
(gentle music)
- How many horses have you lost?
- Oh. yeah.
- You should have phone signal now.
I'm sure you got a lot of calls to make.
- Oh no. That's okay.
I don't want to dig for my
cell phone right now. (laughs)
- So. uh. this Colt. gentlemen.
how did you two know each other?
- We were engaged.
It was years ago.
I guess you could say we
were high school sweethearts.
- I see. Wow. I had no idea.
(sighs) I asked him to record my proposal.
- I'm sorry. I should should've
mentioned that before-
- No. it. no. it's fine.
My proposal was. it was weird.
Wasn't it?
- I mean-
- Yeah. totally weird.
Just the. oh. oh no.
I had so much adrenaline leftover
from fighting the bear. you know. that.
- Um. I don't think that's-
- And I wasn't thinking.
And then I just. I got down on one knee
even though the moment wasn't right
and I just asked you to
marry me and I don't yeah.
That's what this trip was for. you know?
Yeah. to ask you to marry me.
But then after I did it. I just
felt like I shouldn't have.
(Claire laughing)
I'm trying to be-
- Buff. you took the
ring back off my finger.
- Oh. well.
(Claire laughing)
You just looked so.
I mean. I thought that you
were like. okay. you know.
- I know it wasn't. it
wasn't right. was it?
(Joey sighs)
Maybe we should-
- Oh. I'm sorry. Claire. (laughs)
Claire. I took the ring
back off your finger.
Who does that?
(Joey sighs)
I really am sorry. I. maybe
we should have realized
this a while ago. (laughs)
- I think we realized it exactly
when we were supposed to.
- Oh. (laughs)
Gotta love that 30-day return policy.
(Claire laughing)
- Hey. will you drop me off somewhere?
(dramatic music)
- I had a feeling you
were gonna ask me that.
Course I can.
- But first. will you
help me record something?
(gentle music)
(dog barking)
- Wow. (laughs) This place is awesome.
I hope he still likes you.
- What if he doesn't?
- Is it true love?
- Yes.
- Then go on then.
(Claire giggling)
(gentle music)
(horses whinnying)
- Hey. you should call that Natalie girl.
She's really cute.
And I saw her hide her number in your pack
at the ranger station.
- Stop it!
- Guess she knew we
weren't gonna work out.
Take care of yourself. Buff.
(gentle music)
- [Claire] You rolling?
- [Joey] Yes. I am and you look gorgeous.
So whenever you're ready. take it away.
- Hello. everyone.
I don't have a lot of time to explain.
but I will be taking this next week off.
And after that I'll be working remotely.
I know this is coming at
you all hard and fast.
but I also know each and
every one of you are capable
of keeping things running smoothly
without me hovering.
Kelly. you're the VP for a reason.
It's about time I trust you handling
the day-to-day decisions.
Jason. you need to trust your instincts.
They're spot on.
It took falling off a cliff
and being swept down a river
for me to realize that I lost out
on something extremely
important in my life.
I'm excited to hear how the launch goes.
I'll be checking in next week.
Oh. and you're all getting raises.
(gentle upbeat music)
(camera clicking)
- You know what would make
that photo even better?
Some clouds.
- [Natalie] Buff! (laughing)
(gentle music)
- [Claire] I owe you an apology.
- Claire. what are you doing here?
- I'm sorry for everything
that I put you through
the last couple of days
and a few more before then.
I had a lot of growing up to do
and I didn't want to admit it.
I was just. I was scared
that I would never amount to anything.
And I felt that running
away was my only option
in order to prove that I
could be someone or something.
I know I was wrong.
And if I had just talked to you.
I would have realized
I could have had both.
I screwed up.
I'm sorry.
- I'm sorry if I ever made you feel like
you couldn't confide in me.
I'm sorry again for
lying about the distance
to the ranger station.
I just really missed you.
I missed us.
So. uh. what now?
- Well. I was kind of hoping
you would give me a second chance.
- (throat clearing) What about Bufalino?
- Well. this time I did the right thing
and we talked about it.
We both realized it was
never gonna work because
I'm still in love with someone else.
(gentle music)
- Claire. my place is here.
I don't want to come
between you and your career.
The last thing I want
to do is make you feel
like I'm holding you back.
- You don't.
And the best part about being a CEO
in the 21st century is that
you can work from any location.
especially when you're
the owner and creator.
I've already reached out to my employees.
They'll understand.
- Claire. I-
- Are you gonna kiss me or not?
(gentle music)
- So what did you tell your employees?
- We can talk about that later.
Right now I want to ride off
into the sunset with you.
- A little cliche. don't think?
- Well. you know what
they say about cliches.
- Ah. yes. (laughs)
- I love you.
- I love you. Claire.
(gentle music)
(gentle upbeat music)
(gentle upbeat music continues)
(gentle music)